Your Majesty
Concubines take slaves for villains
The most scissors today
It's time to announce the results
Three wins in three games.
I declare that I am the eldest princess of Daxia
Very good hahaha
I said Princess Zhang would win, right?
hindsight
Who before you said that Princess Zhang would win?
Didn't say and didn't say
It is much better than the two adults who have paid compensation from various places.
Princess in March
Now the winner is decided
The honesty and fief you promised
Can it still be fulfilled now?
And you believed in the princess
You once said
If you lose
Your Silla country will be reduced to my Great Xia subsidiary
Your king
We must also bow down to our emperor
OK
Then bring it all up
escort
Take down the palace
You are so brave
Humph want minister
See if you have the life to come and get it
Or let your female handsome come and get it